The main function is in the client.cpp file. In endless while loop, the commands
entered by the client are read. The entered сommand is processed in the
valid_input function and in case command is valid (one word), it is sent to the
handle_command function, which calls the required function. The command can also
be entered with whitespaces, the program will still recognize it.
Function handle_response processes the response received from the server
and returns response structure:
struct response {
    int status;
    std :: string status_message;
    std :: vector <std :: string> cookies;
    nlohmann :: json json_field;
};
This function can extract all cookies and will save them in a vector.
This function is good only if the answer does not contain data / the data is in
json format.
To handle the situations with "Too many requests, please try again later",
I create a json with "error" and this message.
For each command after I received an answer, I execute needed operations for
this command as well check the "status" field. If it is different from 200 (OK)
(or 201 (CREATED) at register), the status message (was extracted from
server'sresponse) and the content of the "error" field in the attached JSON
will be displayed.
If the status was ok, the message corresponding to the command and the JSON
content (if exists) will be displayed.
For JSON parsing I used the nlohmann library (https://github.com/nlohmann/json).
From this library I have used functions for creating json, reading the entire
content (with the help of the iterator) and accessing a certain field in json.
Functions for connecting to the server (opening the connection, receiving and
sending messages) are in helpers.cpp and buffer.cpp files.
Functions for creating requests could be found in the create_requests.cpp file.
Functions can create requests with as many additional cookies and headers
as needed.

- If the message is sent to the server but server has closed the
connection, the connection is reopened and one more attempt is made to send
the message. If the sending of the message still fails, "Server is not
responding!" message is displayed. Then the client decides whether to leave,
or further try to establish a connection to the server.
- Extracted cookies are stored in the saved_cookies vector.
- If the client tries to log in when he is already logged in, will be displayed
"You are already logged in!" message.
- If the client enters an invalid input when
number is required, the corresponding message will be displayed.
- If the invalid command is entered, the corresponding message will be
displayed.
- For cases with invalid input for commands / wrong order of commands will be
displayed error message received from server.
